Jacob Deffendall:
	This summer, I did a lot of wood work. My parents wanted a lot of furniture made, so I ended up
doing that for most of my summer. First, I made two outdoor chairs for our back porch. Next I made a little
table to put between the chairs. Next, I made three wooden end tables. I ended up selling two of them, and
the third I gave to my parents. Next, I made a bunk bed for my younger siblings, which ended up being very
difficult. Finally, I made a bench that my parents wanted to go on our front porch. So while I couldn't get
a job, I was able to make some money and spend my time doing some useful things.

Evan Knapke:
	This summer, I worked at a landscaping job every day. I worked 6 days every week putting doing various 
landscaping duties. I worked at a clients house that he was building, putting in his plants and stone features. 
Most days I was putting in stone paths or boulders for the client. Some days I would be planting massive trees,
some days I would be planting tiny ground cover. Sadly, I did not have much time to work on my software projects 
this summer and I really slacked on that. But overall, I enjoyed working and had a good summer.

Kade D:
	Over the summer, I worked on a few software development projects. I made a mobile app for ordering from a 
small restaurant and a website to help employees work from home. I also spent a lot of time building custom toy boxes.
I enjoyed buying furniture and decorations for my new apartment which I moved into recently. Any extra time I had left
I spent playing Rocket League and Counter-Strike.

Zach H:
	During the summer, I worked a couple of jobs. I worked part-time at my town's parks department mowing and 
keeping the local parks in shape. My second job was working night shift at Trane in Rushville. There I was mostly in the 
department for making the cylinders for the units we made. The rest of time I spent with my family and my year old niece.
I would work at the parks department in the mornings and then go to Trane in the evenings everyday. I was tired, but I 
enjoy working and making new friends.

Michael Domaracki:
This summer, I helped my family at their respective houses. My mother works full time as a nurse and owns a small horse
farm. I did work on her farm, specifically handling the fallen trees and branches that fell into our yard, as well as
fixing the fence as branches broke it. With the rest of my time I was helping my father at his house as he had a work
injury leaving him unable to do much. I most did yard work and helped fix up the house. I also helped my grandfather
whenever I had spare time with project he does on his own property. Along with helping my family out I spent time with
my friends and girlfriend whenever it was possible and safe under the guidelines of our state.

Parker Carlson:
	For thsi summer, I spent most of my time working on my summer courses. I took 15 credit hours and most of them
were for my other degree, TCOM, so I could finish it and worry about CS this school year. Other than studying, I also
worked on a couple freelance job opportunities. I filmed a couple short web commercials for a local Indy business. The
biggest stressor of that job was finding a way to complete it while still remaining healthy, safe, and at an acceptable
social distance because of the virus. Lastly, the free time I had I mostly spent catching up on movies or video games
that I normally don't have a chance to play during the school semesters.